# These seem to have duplicated testnames, some passing, some failing
gcc/testsuite/c-c++-common/Wattributes.c
gcc/testsuite/gcc.dg/Wattributes-6.c
# These tests take a crazy long time on the H8
gcc/testsuite/gcc.dg/torture/vec-cvt-1.c
gcc/testsuite/c-c++-common/torture/builtin-arith-overflow-9.c
gcc/testsuite/c-c++-common/torture/builtin-arith-overflow-10.c
gcc/testsuite/c-c++-common/torture/builtin-arith-overflow-p-10.c
gcc/testsuite/c-c++-common/torture/builtin-arith-overflow-p-9.c
gcc/testsuite/gcc.c-torture/execute/fprintf-2.c
gcc/testsuite/gcc.c-torture/execute/pr43220.c
gcc/testsuite/gcc.c-torture/execute/20040811-1.c
gcc/testsuite/gcc.c-torture/execute/vla-dealloc-1.c
gcc/testsuite/gcc.dg/pr97459-1.c
gcc/testsuite/gcc.dg/pr97459-2.c
gcc/testsuite/gcc.dg/pr97459-3.c
gcc/testsuite/gcc.dg/pr97459-4.c
gcc/testsuite/gcc.dg/pr97459-5.c
gcc/testsuite/gcc.dg/pr97459-6.c
gcc/testsuite/gcc.dg/tree-ssa/ldist-27.c
gcc/testsuite/gcc.dg/tree-ssa/loop-interchange-2.c
gcc/testsuite/gcc.dg/tree-ssa/loop-interchange-14.c
gcc/testsuite/gcc.dg/memcmp-1.c
# These take a long time to compile, sometimes triggering timeouts
gcc/testsuite/gcc.c-torture/compile/20001226-1.c
gcc/testsuite/gcc.c-torture/compile/limits-exprparen.c
gcc/testsuite/gcc.dg/long_branch.c
# Fails intermittantly on nds32*-elf
gcc/testsuite/gcc.c-torture/execute/simd-1.c
# Times out on msp430
gcc/testsuite/gcc.c-torture/execute/arith-rand-ll.c
gcc/testsuite/gcc.dg/pr82004.c
# These tests are a bit odd, but ultimately report non-unique names
gcc/testsuite/c-c++-common/goacc/privatization-1-compute.c
# These seem to ping-pong on the cross-glibc configurations
gcc/testsuite/gcc.dg/pie-static-1.c
gcc/testsuite/gcc.dg/pie-static-2.c
gcc/testsuite/gcc.dg/special/gcsec-1.c
# These ping-pong on msp430-elf
gcc/testsuite/c-c++-common/torture/builtin-convertvector-1.c
gcc/testsuite/gcc.dg/pr78213.c
# This ping-pongs on mips native
gcc/testsuite/gcc.dg/plugin/poly-int-03_plugin.c
gcc/testsuite/gcc.dg/plugin/poly-int-02_plugin.c
# Temporarily while we evaluate Aldy's patch
gcc/testsuite/gcc.dg/uninit-pred-7_a.c
# Duplicate names, though I'm not sure how
gcc/testsuite/g++.dg/modules/xtreme-header-5_a.H
# Seems to be bouncing every few days on cris-elf
gcc/testsuite/gcc.dg/graphite/interchange-10.c
# started failing on sh4 recently
gcc/testsuite/c-c++-common/goacc/kernels-decompose-pr100400-1-2.c
# Per H-P's comments which xfailed this test, it is flakey
gcc/testsuite/gcc.dg/pr84877.c
# Until I fix the targts
#gcc/testsuite/c-c++-common/Wcast-align.c
# Until we fixup some stuff
gcc/testsuite/gcc.dg/tree-prof/cmpsf-1.c
# Until I debug
gcc/testsuite/gcc.dg/debug/btf/btf-enum-1.c
# This may be expected, double-check
gcc/testsuite/gcc.dg/fold-overflow-1.c
# Needs deeper investigation
gcc/testsuite/c-c++-common/diagnostic-format-json-2.c
gcc/testsuite/c-c++-common/diagnostic-format-json-3.c
gcc/testsuite/c-c++-common/diagnostic-format-json-4.c
# Seems to be hanging on sh4 right now
gcc//testsuite/gcc.dg/c11-atomic-exec-4.c
# Temporary until I can bisect and shunt to the right folks
gcc/testsuite/gcc.dg/tree-ssa/evrp-ignore.c
gcc/testsuite/gcc.dg/tree-ssa/vrp06.c
# Seem to bounce back and forth on nds32be-elf, need to debug
gcc/testsuite/gcc.c-torture/execute/builtin-bitops-1.c
